Dr. Marshall: Miss Christina Porter, date of birth,
Dr. Marshall: Write it down.
Dr. Marshall: At the end
Kristina’s 11: Hello.
Dr. Marshall: Hi, can you hear me.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, yes I can.
Dr. Marshall: Okay. Okay. Great. Good. I'm Dr Marshalls. Nice to meet you.
Kristina’s 11: I'm Christina.
Dr. Marshall: So was there a little trouble checking in, or
Kristina’s 11: I was waiting and like since 730 I checked in.
Kristina’s 11: And I'm just waiting and waiting. And finally, I was like,
Kristina’s 11: Use my brother's phone. I was like, I see what's going on. I don't know what happened but they got it though.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, good.
Kristina’s 11: I was like, I don't want to sit and I was like, I don't care, waiting. I just don't want to miss my appointment. Like, I don't
Kristina’s 11: Write long and then be like well you were late
Right.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, where are you right now.
Kristina’s 11: I'm actually well and that my brother's boss's house. I'm here for an interview.
Kristina’s 11: Oh yeah, I told him that I had to do this because I'm out of my medicine and I'm not have to do it.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, so tell me what brings you to looking at bright health
Kristina’s 11: Um, well, I've been in I was in the boxing program for a few years now look like two years I had a doctor and then I didn't have the money to pay him so he kicked me out and I was a week late on my payment. So he kicked me
Kristina’s 11: Out and then
Kristina’s 11: Wow I been looking for a doctor, ever since. And so I've been buying them from somebody I know because I refused well as much as I can refuse to go back to what I used to do.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah. So tell me about that.
Kristina’s 11: Take me back. Yes. I actually was electrocuted back in 2009 and my doctor had put me on Percocet and a lot of them looks 360 percocet 10s, a month.
Kristina’s 11: And yeah, he was arrested, like, a year after. And so I did not know what I was going through. I just was so sick. And then somebody was like, Oh, you're going through withdrawal. And I was like,
Kristina’s 11: I didn't know what that was because I was naive to it and that I wish you would have told me that, because after that, I was like, Oh, that makes you feel better. So I did that forever like
Kristina’s 11: To 2013 14. And then finally, I was just like, I can't do it. So I went to a boxing program.
Kristina’s 11: But then Medicaid didn't cover it and I couldn't afford it. So I had to stop going and then I went to jail because I was selling drugs for a while, or eight months and then when I got out. I was really, really lost like I didn't know
Kristina’s 11: I didn't know who I was anymore. So I started using heroin.
Kristina’s 11: And, you know, then
Dr. Marshall: How long were you in jail.
Kristina’s 11: Eight months.
Dr. Marshall: Eight months. And when was
Kristina’s 11: This was back in 2016
Kristina’s 11: Okay. And yeah, so I got yeah I think I was out by 2017
Dr. Marshall: And yes, before tell you how to use heroin.
No.
Dr. Marshall: It was all pills.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, yes, like Japan is in Percocet.
Dr. Marshall: Like that was all thing I
Kristina’s 11: Did I
Kristina’s 11: Thought I had missed the heroin boat. I was like, Well, luckily, I went to jail because I didn't get on that. But when I got out. I was just, I was just looking to damage myself, to be honest.
Dr. Marshall: I old were you then.
Kristina’s 11: I was only like dancing was 32
Okay.
Kristina’s 11: I
Dr. Marshall: Went back to 2009 take what happened that you were electrocuted.
Kristina’s 11: Well, my sister had her lights were disconnected and she was moving out. So one of my it turned her electricity on for her.
Kristina’s 11: My sister's Nat Geo material. And I was like, girl. You're going to get a felony for this. You got to turn it off.
Kristina’s 11: So I called my friend and I was like walk me through turning this off. Well, he was walking me through it and he's like, do you see that yellow cord so me being fast.
Kristina’s 11: I grab it and he was like, Oh no, I was going to tell you not to. But, I swear.
Kristina’s 11: It was like I thought my sister had got electrocuted because I was like watching somebody else like it was a total outer body experience like I can. I'm watching myself being electrocuted. And I was like, Fine, like message. I know you're going in the hospital.
Kristina’s 11: And they had a scarf. And when I went in my hand and out my ankle.
Kristina’s 11: I just got really
Kristina’s 11: Yeah.
Wow.
Dr. Marshall: Pain after that.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, and I still do. Like, I still like my muscles and stuff won't ever be a strong but it's manageable with sports boxing like I can manage it.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, okay. Yeah. And you started. So then you went to some doctor was a primary care doctor
Kristina’s 11: And for
Dr. Marshall: family dog.
Kristina’s 11: Well, I had moved because I was going to college. I just went the day I got electrocuted was time I was moving, so I just went to the one that my Medicaid had give you find out years later, his name was Dr. Reese, he was a pill mill like
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, gotten a lot of a lot of trouble.
Dr. Marshall: Did you just did your dose. Just keep increasing
Kristina’s 11: Yes, he started me off.
Kristina’s 11: With like Viking but they gave me really bad headache. So then he started getting more, but like, to the point where I was seeing his other clinic as well on the beach, because he had two clinics.
Kristina’s 11: I was seeing him every, every two weeks, or every two weeks and then go others like
Kristina’s 11: So I've seen him twice a month technically
Kristina’s 11: And he had me on so many perks. I'd like
Kristina’s 11: I was throwing up in like whole pills. It was so much
Kristina’s 11: And then he got arrested.
Kristina’s 11: And that's just kind of
Dr. Marshall: Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: You said right after that then you went on to box on but then weren't able to pay for it at some point.
Kristina’s 11: Get back and forth to the meetings because we only have one clinic around where I'm from.
Dr. Marshall: Am. Okay.
Kristina’s 11: It was a drive. And I was in school and working and I'm a single mom with two kids. I just couldn't get to all the movies and stuff and then Medicaid also came back and said we're not paying for this anymore. So I owe them like a whole bunch of money.
Dr. Marshall: So then. Take me to after jail you're using heroin. How did you get from that to back on Suboxone
Kristina’s 11: Um, I just kind of like took a look at it and realize that that's not the lifestyle. I wanted anymore.
Kristina’s 11: Like, I guess I just went back to that because that's what I knew. That's who I thought I was, you know, was struggling because I've been selling drugs forever. You know, and that's what I knew, and so I guess I just was so lost about who I was. I just went back to it like an idiot and
Kristina’s 11: My ex was selling heroin at the time, and he just kept giving it to me.
Kristina’s 11: So it was free. On top of that,
Dr. Marshall: But I didn't know how did you get from heroin to. Yeah.
Kristina’s 11: No, actually I just kind of just did it myself. I just went back to I found a doctor that I could afford. I just
Kristina’s 11: Was sick of the lifestyle, the people that everything like was too old for it. So I went and found a doctor and it was going fine until I paid him late and that's when you kick me out.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, okay. So how long have you been with with that doctor
Kristina’s 11: I was with him for about a year, I don't know, maybe two.
Kristina’s 11: Okay, and then he just totally dropped me
Dr. Marshall: So have you been on Suboxone now the past time for about one or two years.
Kristina’s 11: Yes.
Kristina’s 11: I just haven't been able to be consistent with it. Yeah.
Kristina’s 11: Because I always lose a doctor like either it's money. I just can't afford it.
Kristina’s 11: So I couldn't even begin to get like on the road to recovery. Oh, and then he told me that when I was like, What can we do I start dosing down that doctor was like you know you'll be on this for the rest of your life.
Kristina’s 11: So,
Dr. Marshall: And and what do you think of that.
Kristina’s 11: I cried.
Dr. Marshall: Okay.
Dr. Marshall: Like, that's not what I was
Kristina’s 11: Looking for
Dr. Marshall: It's not what you want. Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: No, I'm. Have you ever had any overdoses.
Kristina’s 11: No, no, I never used a needle or anything like that. I got lucky. So I just ordered it here and there, but I got lucky. I never had an overdose.
Dr. Marshall: Okay with heroin. How did you use heroin.
Kristina’s 11: I snorted. It
Dr. Marshall: You started it. Okay, I'm
Kristina’s 11: Too scared. And I was, I was no
Dr. Marshall: That's good, that's a good thing.
Dr. Marshall: Any hospitalizations related to drug use.
Kristina’s 11: No, no.
Kristina’s 11: Just a lot of legal trouble.
Dr. Marshall: Okay. A lot of legal trouble, you said you have to kid.
Kristina’s 11: Yes.
Kristina’s 11: My daughter older nine in
Kristina’s 11: My daughter be 13 and two days.
Dr. Marshall: And then my son will be 13
Kristina’s 11: In August,
Dr. Marshall: Oh, wow. Okay. And do you have custody of them.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, yes, yes, I've always had it even when I went to jail. The cops. They went to my mom, but the officer said, you know, like I never sold drugs out of my home. I never had the kids with me. I never tried to get them involved in it so
Kristina’s 11: I did.
Kristina’s 11: It right as much as I could.
Kristina’s 11: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, but
Kristina’s 11: Across the street from my mom just, you know,
Kristina’s 11: To keep me in line in my own little way.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: And how about. Do you have a boyfriend single what's here.
Kristina’s 11: Um, it's a complicated but yeah he's um it's
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, he went to this whole drug thing with me and he doesn't use drugs so it it damaged a lot. So we're just working through things
Dr. Marshall: We
Kristina’s 11: Know, I mean no, he's just been around for like five years.
Kristina’s 11: And my kid's dad that he did to Michigan because he owed so much in child support.
Okay.
Kristina’s 11: All right.
Dr. Marshall: Tell me about your past medical history, we heard about the electrocution any, any other problem.
Kristina’s 11: I mean, I've had my gallbladder removed. I had a t shirt in my, you know, semi tie my shoes with the sure coil things
And
Kristina’s 11: I'm a tonsils out but nothing
Kristina’s 11: Other than then. Oh.
Kristina’s 11: Cool cancer or severe
Kristina’s 11: cervical dysplasia, and had half of my cervix. Whoo.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, tell me when about when was the gallbladder surgery.
Kristina’s 11: And that was in 2011 or
Kristina’s 11: 12 60,012
Dr. Marshall: All right. And how about the tubal ligation.
Kristina’s 11: That was after my daughter since 2007
Dr. Marshall: Okay, and
Kristina’s 11: I'm sorry, when I was 19. So I think those 2003
Dr. Marshall: Okay, and how about the cervix.
Kristina’s 11: And that has been encouraged. I've been going through that since 2005 okay i still battle with it every year they take some, you know, they take this like laser and a remove some of it.
Kristina’s 11: I've been blessed to where it hasn't turned in, you know, to anything.
Kristina’s 11: That bad they always catch it first. But that's on and off. But I think the first time it started was in 2005
Dr. Marshall: Okay, and we're your baby. Did you have C sections or vaginal delivery.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, they were just regular yeah bad, you know, okay.
Dr. Marshall: No complication of the birth.
Kristina’s 11: No, no. I mean, my daughter. She came out not breathing for eight minutes and
Kristina’s 11: That was a really bad pregnancy but
Kristina’s 11: There was nothing like met like physically wrong with her in that sense. Like you
Kristina’s 11: Came out okay. She just was being dramatic.
Dr. Marshall: And all it sounds like fun look thinking of the years all your drug use started after you'd have your kid.
Kristina’s 11: Yes. Yes. Yeah. After the after the electrocution like I mean I had smoked weed like here and there, whatever.
Kristina’s 11: And I tried Coke. I didn't like it, but I sold it.
Kristina’s 11: But I just never got into anything until the pills that
Kristina’s 11: I mean, that was when everything went left like really bad left
Kristina’s 11: Okay, like I never was into drugs until
Kristina’s 11: Daddy and I wasn't even trying to get into them. I trusted a doctor, like an idiot.
Dr. Marshall: Right, and any issues with your heart cardiac issues.
Kristina’s 11: No, everything's good.
Dr. Marshall: lung problems like asthma.
Kristina’s 11: No.
Kristina’s 11: I don't even get bronchitis anymore.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, okay. Do you wear glasses or contacts.
Dr. Marshall: No. Okay, any issues with your skin.
Kristina’s 11: No.
Dr. Marshall: No. How about your GI system do you get nausea, constipation thing.
Kristina’s 11: I mean, yeah, I had constipation issues since I've been on Suboxone. Um, I don't know, I probably just need to start eating normal and healthy.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: Are you not eating healthy
Kristina’s 11: No, not at all like I have a really bad sleep pattern right now too, because I'm not
Kristina’s 11: I just feel like nothing in my life is consistent right now because I feel like when I don't have my Suboxone it's something I'm always constantly thinking of
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, so I just can't seem to get everything together. If I'm still worried about
How I'm going to feel the next right
Dr. Marshall: Right okay um
Dr. Marshall: Are you currently do you have any Suboxone currently
Kristina’s 11: No, I just took my last piece like I broke down a tiny piece because that's it, like the person I was getting them from they don't have any so I'm
Kind of stuff.
Dr. Marshall: And it looks like the dose. He had been on for a while was the sublingual films that eat into the eight milligrams
Kristina’s 11: Twice a day. Yeah, yeah.
Kristina’s 11: I do have one in the morning and one in the afternoon. That's just how I've been doing it for so long.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: On that those were you noticing any craving.
Dr. Marshall: No, no.
Kristina’s 11: No sleepy.
Kristina’s 11: No, no, which also depends. I mean, I would get a little sleepy but then after like a few minutes, I would be fine. But it's like
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, like I get really drowsy and then I'm good.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: Well, we do have any other diagnoses of
Dr. Marshall: anxiety or depression, bipolar.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, I had that when I got out of jail, they asked me to get one of those testings done for add. So I got that done, and they I was diagnosed with depression, anxiety Cluster B personality disorder.
Kristina’s 11: And ADHD.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: And have you saw any treatment for any of those. You see, it's like
Kristina’s 11: I am
Kristina’s 11: I am with a psychiatrist now and he prescribed
Kristina’s 11: Me my meds, but now he is missing, like he's just
Kristina’s 11: Not answering anymore. So I'm in the middle of trying to find new Psychiatry's so
Dr. Marshall: I mean, I don't know, that's a problem.
Kristina’s 11: Me being on my Adderall with this.
Dr. Marshall: Is that an issue. No, no.
Dr. Marshall: We discuss it and no then, then we know what to expect on the urine.
Dr. Marshall: Test and we know what we're looking for. And so anytime. I'll always ask you, but
Dr. Marshall: Every time we check in on ask if you're on any new medicines or anything. And you just let us know.
Dr. Marshall: So if you think about before I even asked you how to check and just say, Hey, listen, they changed my SOS. I'm on this or on that.
Kristina’s 11: Okay.
Kristina’s 11: And I'm having a psychiatry meeting on the 28th.
Kristina’s 11: So I'll know what they decide to do then.
Dr. Marshall: Who is the who is the psychiatrist that went Mia.
Kristina’s 11: Dr. Salinas.
Kristina’s 11: He's from New Bern, North Carolina, and
Kristina’s 11: He's always been a little sheet like you know just all over the place. But, and he goes through reception reception is like like underwear. It is crazy, but
Kristina’s 11: I mean, he always. I mean, I never even once got my medicine on time, but at least got it every month. But now he's just for a few months now. It's just been missing so
Dr. Marshall: Great, who are you taking any medicine regularly now.
Kristina’s 11: No. Not at the moment I just because I kind of took because I used to get it out to our all day so I just broke it down into one since I get to get ahold of them. So I think that was the last time I had it was like two days ago.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: And how about anything else. I do. I do been on Zoloft search or, you know, any
Kristina’s 11: Loft when I was in jail. They put me on it.
Kristina’s 11: Because I just thought like I was there for a while, but all of a sudden I just was like, I just want to scream. I don't know what's going on with me.
Kristina’s 11: So they asked me, like, two questions, and then they they prescribed me Zoloft there and it worked like I was on it for a while. When I got out to and then
Kristina’s 11: When I finally got into normal like going Suboxone clinic and stuff. I came off of it.
Kristina’s 11: Okay, so
Dr. Marshall: Do you feel like
Dr. Marshall: You feel like you're having anxiety or depression now.
Kristina’s 11: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Kristina’s 11: I don't know if it's because of me feeling like everything's out of whack. Because I can't seem to get, you know, and then what this covert stuff that hasn't helped like being locked in the kids constantly and not being able to work so
Kristina’s 11: But
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, yeah. I mean, right now, but I'm hoping I'm just going to keep an eye on it because I keep a journal for it.
Kristina’s 11: Overnight depression.
Kristina’s 11: So I'm trying to see, like after I get, you know, a regular Suboxone and see how that
Dr. Marshall: If that. Yeah, absolutely.
Dr. Marshall: How are you sleeping at night.
Kristina’s 11: Horrible. Like, I don't
Kristina’s 11: I say I have the worst sleep. I got been trying to change this forever. I sleep through the day. And I'm up all night and I hate it.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: And any thoughts of hurting yourself suicide.
Kristina’s 11: I know my dad committed suicide. So I know what that does.
Kristina’s 11: So I've never thought of that.
Dr. Marshall: You've never thought okay
Yeah.
Kristina’s 11: My dad and my niece actually commit suicide.
Kristina’s 11: Separately not together.
Dr. Marshall: Did your dad have mental problems that you knew
Kristina’s 11: He had a severe depression.
Kristina’s 11: Okay, so I was like eight but I do you know from what everybody tells me, and he was going through a divorce and with my mom. So who kind of that's when we did
Dr. Marshall: Okay, how about your mother, she in good health.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, yes. Okay. He's never used the drug never smoked a cigarette. Yes, she's a good, a good one.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, and you have siblings.
Kristina’s 11: A brother.
Kristina’s 11: Three. I have two brothers and a sister.
Kristina’s 11: Okay, and all of us have an addiction problem all four
Dr. Marshall: Oh, everyone does.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, different we go for different things. But yeah, we all have an accent. Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, what different thing.
Kristina’s 11: Like my oldest brother, he's addicted to Coke and then there's my sister. She was on pills to like she got on. She had the same doctor as I did.
Kristina’s 11: And then my brother. He
Kristina’s 11: He lost his daughter. So after that, he kind of just did everything so he just got out of rehab actually
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: So who is your support system.
Kristina’s 11: My mom like
Kristina’s 11: She's really she knows, like she used to be so against the box and until she like listen to it on NPR.
Kristina’s 11: Then she heard about it.
Kristina’s 11: Now all of a sudden is fine.
Dr. Marshall: But she's really
Kristina’s 11: Been very helpful through it.
Kristina’s 11: This time like she's really been good, you know,
Kristina’s 11: And I mean, my, my siblings support me. We just can't support each other together because
Kristina’s 11: Not now. Not right now.
Dr. Marshall: Right. Right. Okay. Have you ever done any group therapy.
Kristina’s 11: I did it didn't go so well for me. I found my connection to my drugs. They're like,
Kristina’s 11: Yes, I didn't get anything out of it. I personally my things are so personal. I wouldn't talk about him in a group.
Kristina’s 11: Okay, so
Dr. Marshall: And have you you've done. You have a psychiatrist does a psychiatrist. Well, yes, it's a new one, you won't know do kind of therapy sessions as well.
Kristina’s 11: I had to go to their fee, because the judge when on my part of my probation, because he said I was addicted to selling drugs he put me in therapy so
Kristina’s 11: I had been going to that for a while now and I hope, like I used to think it was so stupid, but it really helped.
You know,
Dr. Marshall: So you've been in therapy since around 2017
Kristina’s 11: Yes, yes.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: And is that still court mandated now.
Kristina’s 11: No, no, I finished it, but I, they said, I can continue to go and since I had already established with her. I do continue to because it's hard, finding a therapist that
Kristina’s 11: You know you feel comfortable with.
Right.
Dr. Marshall: Any allergies to medicine.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, just ultra set and terminal you
Kristina’s 11: Know I like I feel like my skin's on fire.
Kristina’s 11: Okay, I don't know, I guess you'd call it a rash or something. But if like somebody even like just bumps into me. I feel like they just cut me with a knife. It's horrible. Yeah, okay.
Dr. Marshall: And tell me you said you're having a job interview.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, I'm supposed to like you have here at the guy's house now.
Dr. Marshall: What other dog.
Kristina’s 11: Is called pipeline construction and my brother works for him and he needs an office help so I used to run the office at Riverside for the Ford dealership where I was from so
Dr. Marshall: Okay.
Kristina’s 11: And I have a degree when just college, but I just didn't go the right way after that.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, you have a degree from college.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, I haven't associates in Applied Science
Nice.
Dr. Marshall: And do you have enough, you have a stable living situation right now somewhere.
Kristina’s 11: Yes. Yeah, I've been living in the same spot for about almost three years now.
Dr. Marshall: Okay.
Kristina’s 11: I rent from my mom.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, and enough food for enough money for food.
Kristina’s 11: Well yeah, I get food. Luckily, I still get food stamps for the kids.
Kristina’s 11: So that helps
Dr. Marshall: Yes, yeah.
Kristina’s 11: I don't get it for myself, but
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, for them to do.
Dr. Marshall: Women when they turn 18 does that and
Kristina’s 11: I don't know. That's what we were just talking about, I don't know, because I got to find out because Trump now saying that 17 year olds are now not you know you can't claim as a dependent. I don't know. It's going to take away his Medicaid and his food stamps when he turns 18
Kristina’s 11: So I got to find out. Yeah, it's Trump. I can't
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, my son, I wasn't able to play him on my taxes as a dependent like as
Kristina’s 11: A child. Yeah, he
Kristina’s 11: 17 Trump changed it to 17 so you can't like, so for the the covert checks. I didn't even get like there's nothing for him, like every 17 year old child in America didn't get anything
Dr. Marshall: It's so sounds like that's when they eat the most. Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah 17 year old boy. Yeah.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah. And trust me, I mean that boys good kid. But he plays football and he has. Yes.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, and he
Kristina’s 11: Goes he got a concussion. So I'm constantly going to the doctors and
Kristina’s 11: I can't believe I did.
Kristina’s 11: Was I just think it's
Dr. Marshall: Called support and no he is so far behind. I could buy a house of what he oh
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Marshall: Well,
Dr. Marshall: So Brian, our health. The way that it works.
Dr. Marshall: You know, we do the zoom meetings we do this initial meeting. We do do a zoom group meetings and they tend to work really well because people
Dr. Marshall: say exactly what you said all the group meetings I did in the past is where I met people that I did drugs with. And since these are zoom meetings. These are not people that you're going to hang out with
Dr. Marshall: Right, very
Kristina’s 11: Good idea. Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, yeah. And it's convenient. You don't have to go anywhere. You know, it's right there.
Dr. Marshall: We actually have a Tuesday evening group going on seven o'clock on Tuesdays. So you could join that next week.
Dr. Marshall: And that would also be your med check in with me, so you wouldn't need another appointment we could check in during that group meeting.
Dr. Marshall: We just kind of go around the group and everyone talks about if you have anything really personal to talk to me about, we can
Dr. Marshall: You know, follow up right outside the group after but a lot. Most people you'll see a really comfortable just saying, I've been taking this dose, people will talk about when they've had a relapse.
Dr. Marshall: Right in the group because everyone's there to just been it's confidential and they support each other.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, yeah. And there's a therapist that leaves the group. Then we also do the individual therapy and
Dr. Marshall: I believe right heart health policy is that you have to at least start that even if you have your own therapy.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, that's fine.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, so another good support system for you. And that's, you know, totally private but zoom session with that.
Dr. Marshall: And so the the Suboxone you've already been on it. So you know how it works. But sometimes I talk to people and they tell me. They've never it's never been described to them before how it's working. So I like to go over it.
Dr. Marshall: Are you still there. It's all black.
Kristina’s 11: Oh, sorry. I'm just walking to my
Kristina’s 11: Car. I'm so sorry.
Know,
Dr. Marshall: Otherwise, I'll talk for a minute and won't know.
Dr. Marshall: But so Suboxone has two medications in it.
Dr. Marshall: One part of the buprenorphine and one part is the clock zone.
Dr. Marshall: buprenorphine is what we call a partial opioid opioid agonist.
Dr. Marshall: So it partially activates your brains with those receptors. So it goes fills all the opioid receptors and works kind of partially on them so it
Dr. Marshall: controls your cravings. It also can work for pain management for some people that have pain, but it doesn't have that same effect of that euphoria that really high feeling
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, you don't
Dr. Marshall: And then you don't get those dips and withdrawals. So it allows you to be a functioning person to be yourself to
Dr. Marshall: Take care of your kids, you know,
Dr. Marshall: Be regulated, then the locks on part that's in it will block the opioid, but because you take it under the tongue. And the last one doesn't do anything if you tried to melt it down and ingest it, then, then the locks own would block out the buprenorphine.
Dr. Marshall: So the reason
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, they put it in there to protect people from trying to get high on their buprenorphine.
Kristina’s 11: I thought the no oxygen because I always thought it was a blocker like so if I would took my Suboxone and then I was like trying to take a Percocet. I thought that's what it blocks. No.
Dr. Marshall: Percocet and you're on Suboxone you won't feel much because you have an orphan, even though it's only a partial agonist it latches on more strongly. Which is why you probably may know this from experience. If you're on an opioid and then you take Suboxone you will get knocked into withdrawal.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, yeah. And that's because the buprenorphine will knock the opioids off your brain is going too fast. What's are all
Dr. Marshall: So that's important to know if you ever have a relapse.
Dr. Marshall: Or when if anybody you know get a hold of your Suboxone
Dr. Marshall: The way to take it as you want to at least be in some amount of withdrawal before you take any Suboxone and if you're on. Do you want to take a small dose of awesome to start. So you don't knock yourself into full withdraw.
Kristina’s 11: Okay. Yeah. Yes. So,
Dr. Marshall: Right now you're not on any other opioid so you won't have to do that. You can start right back on the Suboxone dose that works for your body.
Dr. Marshall: And and you should be knocked into any amount of withdrawal. So, so that's how that's
Dr. Marshall: How it works. When we first private. I also prescribed in our can which is the nasal spray. That's for overdoses. And that's just for you to have in case you've got family with addiction. It's just a good medicine to have a hold of, especially over the counter, but
Dr. Marshall: And I'll send you an email with how you use that if you ever needed to the important thing to know is if you ever had a friend that overdosed and you use in our can after you use it, you still want to call 911 because it's very short acting so they
Dr. Marshall: Go back into the overdose and you could use it again, but you'd want to call 911 so that you know they revived them.
Dr. Marshall: So the other parts of bright heart health, or that we send you a urine drug screening in the mail every month. The most important thing to remember is just don't open it.
Dr. Marshall: Until you check into the virtual clinic online and somebody there with you and they will have you open it in front of them.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, private, and then they just have you hold it up. So don't open that up, and most importantly,
Kristina’s 11: That's good to know. Because yeah I probably would have just did it. Yes, and
Dr. Marshall: If you have any relapses let me know before. So we're not surprised by the urine drug screen. It's not meant as a
Dr. Marshall: You know, trying to catch you. It's meant as trying to keep you in recovery. So if we know that something went wrong and we expect it. We're not surprised. That's fine. We're not looking to kick kick people out of the program we try very hard to keep people in the program.
Dr. Marshall: The same thing if you're on Adderall will expect that that will be positive on the urine drug screen and we'll know will already know that ahead of time.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: We do basic labs, which they probably ordered as well to start it just looks at liver function and kind of some basic labs and we ask you to try to get those done as soon as you can. Just the. We know that your body is healthy for us to keep private prescribing
Dr. Marshall: I didn't ask you, but I was asked women about could you possibly be pregnant.
Kristina’s 11: No, I had the two side well
Dr. Marshall: That's right. You mentioned that already.
Dr. Marshall: And yeah, I won't go into my spiel. Then on that because it is not a problem. If you ever have friends or things, but it's just something that we need to know because we would adjust the Suboxone dosing. But in your case, we don't need to worry
Dr. Marshall: And oh, and then every week before clinic, you'll have what's called a band which is a brief addiction monitor. It's about 10 minutes survey and that monitor your symptom so
Kristina’s 11: My daughter used to do those as well. Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, yeah. So we'll do that.
Dr. Marshall: Let's see. I'll send you an email that just talks about the Narc can and starting with pride heart health.
Dr. Marshall: And kind of how you coordinate. If you're having any issues, you can always check into the virtual clinic and ask a question.
Dr. Marshall: If you're ever for some reason you missed a meeting or so you didn't get a med refill from me.
Dr. Marshall: Try to check into the virtual clinic and let them know ahead of time, you know, try not to say I'm out of my bed right now, you know, China, I have two days last and I missed my meeting can Dr. Marshall prescribed me to bridge me through or
Dr. Marshall: Like that, okay, because they can reach out to me. But if I'm not in a meeting, you know, if I'm not in group right then. Sometimes it takes a little while and I need time to get back to prescribe it and
Dr. Marshall: Think that's everything was we talked about, oh, and then I wanted to touch on what you talked about with with eventually getting off Suboxone so
Dr. Marshall: Some people. That's true. Some people never do. And some people are fine with that they stay on the same dose or maybe they lower their dollars but they say on that and long term studies show that that's okay. There's no long term damage, but some people want, you know, the freedom or
Dr. Marshall: They have their own reason
Dr. Marshall: And they feel comfortable, you know, with how they've been doing, we generally say you should be on a stable dose for at least six
Dr. Marshall: To 12 months. So at least you know six months. If you're pushing and you really want to start lowering but 12 months.
Dr. Marshall: That you're doing well. You feel stable with your life. And then we just start tie trading back and you
Dr. Marshall: And I were absolutely okay so start doing that some people do that. And then they wind up at a lower dose for a while and plateau, try again. You know, all of that is fine, but there are definitely people who go all the way off so
Dr. Marshall: Okay, yeah. So either. Either one is fine, but don't anticipate of talking about that for you know at least six months.
Kristina’s 11: Okay yeah cuz I don't like want to put too much pressure on myself. Like, I'm also trying to quit smoking cigarettes right now too. And it's really hard.
Kristina’s 11: But I do. I just want to be able to, like, if I want to go on vacation randomly, like I want to have that freedom and not have to worry about, oh, well, I have to, you know, be there for my pharmacy, you know, to get
Kristina’s 11: To knowing and
Dr. Marshall: So that we didn't mention as well your alcohol use. Do you have any drinking use right now.
Dr. Marshall: And and cigarettes. How much are you smoking.
Kristina’s 11: And I'm definitely don't smoke. Anything over 10 a day. I have been working on cleaning like I didn't even tell my kids, I'm trying to quit because I don't want to let them down. But I've been working on it. No.
Kristina’s 11: Have you
Dr. Marshall: ever quit in the past.
Kristina’s 11: When I got pregnant.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: You were able to do that, then just quit for pregnancy.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, it made me sick.
Kristina’s 11: Okay. And then, of course, like as soon as I had him. I started smoking like an idiot. I don't know.
Dr. Marshall: What about when you were in jail, can you
Kristina’s 11: Know, and for some reason. When I got out. I started smoking again.
Okay.
Dr. Marshall: So,
Kristina’s 11: It was my sister, like she picked me up with a cigarette. And I was like, let me have one of those like it was so insane.
Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Well, and I will tell you we you know we can prescribe patches from anything as well that you if you're interested in for your for
Dr. Marshall: Awesome. Yeah, let's get you on the Suboxone
Dr. Marshall: You want to tell me in a couple weeks. You know that you're interested in that, then we can play on that.
Dr. Marshall: Awesome. Yeah. Cuz that's really important for your long term health but this for now is the most important
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, that's what I was telling my son, like I was like I
Kristina’s 11: Was like nothing like tell him he's ever want to quit smoking, but I right now I don't have my Suboxone so like I smoking even more and I hate it. So,
Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah.
Kristina’s 11: Now, I do have one question with the meds do
Kristina’s 11: Does that get called in and we pick it up to you guys send them I've, I don't know.
Dr. Marshall: Yes, no, I send it, and I'm going to pull up. I'm on here and make sure I have your correct pharmacy see can you still see me.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, I can see you. Okay.
Dr. Marshall: When I pull up this my other screen. Sometimes it goes away.
Dr. Marshall: And typically, so we start with prescribing, you know, a week and then I'll see you at the next hopefully on to the next group and then we'll do another week. Once we see that we have
Dr. Marshall: Your labs and and you're set with your therapist and you're on a steady dose for a few weeks, then we can go to two week resells and, you know, eventually monthly eventually monthly results and they get sent right to your pharmacy.
Dr. Marshall: From yeah
Kristina’s 11: Now that I'm not driving it doesn't matter to me if I have to go every other day.
Kristina’s 11: When I was driving. That was horrible.
Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Can you see Spelling, your name wrong. Can you spell it.
Kristina’s 11: It's KR is ti na
Dr. Marshall: And I double check your email because I will send you an email. So I have Christina Jean porter@gmail.com
Dr. Marshall: Yes. Okay. And the pharmacy, they have the CVS on 129 nine foot road.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, that's correct.
Dr. Marshall: Is that correct. Okay.
Kristina’s 11: Now, they're not open now. So I don't know what these send it. You know, I don't know if that goes to whatever I'm not sure how that works. I just wanna let you know.
Dr. Marshall: It's an E plus bad so it should. It should just go to their computer system.
Dr. Marshall: Don't have it in the morning.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, so I will send that tonight so that you were on the eight and twos, you were taking them twice a day.
Kristina’s 11: Yes, I know. It was like some people say this is how you supposed to do it. It's just because I had, you know, have so much going on throughout the day that just kind of worked for me. I don't know. That's okay.
Dr. Marshall: You made people say you shouldn't take it twice a day.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, like one like the doctor didn't like that. I did that he wanted me to take them both in the morning, I was like, that's just too much for me. So I would
Dr. Marshall: Say The Majority of people take them twice a day.
Kristina’s 11: Okay.
Dr. Marshall: Because yeah I don't know this.
Guy.
Dr. Marshall: The majority take them though a little differently than you usually in the morning and then the evening.
Kristina’s 11: Like for four o'clock like around dinnertime is where I take
Kristina’s 11: Us nicely for the well well you know if if I'm in there.
Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: So that's what I would start off with now.
Dr. Marshall: How long have we talked about, you just took your last half of film.
Yes.
Dr. Marshall: But as of, like, a week ago. Were you able to be on this dose that he film.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, yeah. I've been told this last few days is when I had to break it down.
Dr. Marshall: Okay, I just wanted to make sure you weren't on a lower dose for a very long time because then you might want to consider starting on a lower dose.
Kristina’s 11: Okay. Yeah, no, I had been doing the same. Like, that's why I think I'm going through like I've been having sleds and stuff since yesterday.
Kristina’s 11: But
Kristina’s 11: Because I'm not on my
Kristina’s 11: Regular
Dr. Marshall: You're right. Okay, so I'll send in. So that's two a day. So we'll send in 14 and let me think actually will do 16 so that when you're at your group on Tuesday, you're not running out, you know,
Dr. Marshall: At the end of the group, trying to get there the next day.
Kristina’s 11: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Dr. Marshall: That's right. I'll give you one one overlap day from group.
Kristina’s 11: And do I need to save the rappers. I don't know if that's something you can do like my old daughter used to meet me save them so
Dr. Marshall: To show no because I yeah I'm keeping track of what I prescribe you on as long as your urine is showing up, you know, positive for the for the view, you know, really, there's monitoring that we do, but a lot of this is teaching you accountability, you know,
Kristina’s 11: That's what I like. Yeah, yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Yeah, I mean, you're the one in recovery and we're here to support you. I'm prescribing this medically because it's
Dr. Marshall: The best thing for you.
Dr. Marshall: You know, and eventually things will fall apart of people are selling or not, you know,
Dr. Marshall: Eventually you got young. Yeah, we are.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: Alright, so I'm going to send us in your pharmacy and then send you that email that goes over everything. And I'll reach out to them so bright heart health management about getting your setup that Tuesday drip you think that would work for you.
Kristina’s 11: Yeah, yeah, that's fine. You said it started, I started this will not just today, but the next Tuesday.
Dr. Marshall: Next Tuesday. Yeah.
Dr. Marshall: If you for some reason, don't hear back just check in at 645 Tuesday and say, Hey, I'm here for DR Marshalls group.
Kristina’s 11: That
Dr. Marshall: They'll get you in okay cuz I'll send them a note that you're in. Okay.
Kristina’s 11: Awesome. Okay, thank you.
Dr. Marshall: All right. Well, it was great meeting you. I'm gonna send this prescription now. Okay.
Kristina’s 11: All right, thank you so much, YouTube. I really appreciate it. Thanks.
Yeah.